
1.  Names overlap on summary graph.
2.  Get some good examples, not dummy data
3.  For inclusions and connects, make sure they can't add the same exact compartment.  Also, couldn't add a compartment with the same "association name" - whatever that might be given situation.
4.  Clicking cancel on NEW record fails.
5.  Impl cancel & delete for new record.
5.5.Impl delete & duplicate for existing records.
6.  Gray out duplicate for new records, enable when saved.
7.  Validation on # of compartment records that a connection can connect?
8.  "Includes" vs. "Inclusions"...
9.  Add more help
10. Why do help notes go so low for the non-standard L&F's?
11. "Change L&F?" title of one of the dialogs.
12. Double-clicking in white space on a table (inclusions, connects, tags), invokes add?
13. Make sure delete key handled consistently in all tables.
14. Model part tree/table?
15. Persist tags for both PARTS AND MODELS.
16. More general meta data: created by, updated by, created date, updated date.
17. Can't add non-equations to the equations table (that was allowed for output variables I think)
18. More search criteria
19. Think about some protection mechanism making sure you can't save a record that has already been saved since you read the record.
20. Some kind of statistics page showing counts of various things in the database and/or usage volume (more political / marketing, but cool)
21. Switch persistence to non-SQL DB?  Something simpler! ORM???
22. Need strikethrough/red on summary trees to indicate overridden
23. Need to add included part's equations to the equations given to Christy's code
24. Need to add back in the netlist generation some how...... something to do with the models!?! (maybe need a temp feature though before that gets worked out...)
25. Work out ALL PERSISTENCE BUGS ON PART & MODEL EDIT PANELS
 * Make sure equation records don't keep getting new UID's -- they will have EquationReference records relying on those.
 * Make sure you know how cancel works!! seems like magic.... check previous app.
26. Add a "copied/duplicated from" flag and display it?
27. Change history?
28. Errors get emailed to me???? haha  worth a try...
29. Don't really need memory showing... ever.  What to replace it with....
30. Don't really need the split pane on search... maybe when using in dialog?  maybe scroll bars then? idk..
31. Finish text summary... needs to include included equations (properly prefixed).
32. ABSTRACT equations!!!
33. Summary needs to have an area where warnings, inconsistencies, errors with the part are shown.
34. how to make the table after a double-click immediately start editing on a cell?
35. how to make an editable cell in a JTable replace it's value when you start typing? instead of appending to existing content.

---
generic table issue... even if a node has collapsible false... adding a child 
node to the parent, even via the table model insert method, doesn't cause the 
expansion!... saw this with the root issue earlier and it is happening on 
summary/tree/eqn nodes 